DP-32: Minion Management (#1336)
OpenNMS-Cloud/lokahi: docs/modules/operation/pages/inventory/nodes.adoc

To create a tag, follow these steps:

. Click *Inventory* in the left navigation menu.
. Click on the node tab that displays the nodes you want to tag.
. Click *Tag Manager*.

> . In the *Search/Add tags* field, type a name for the tag and click on the word when it appears in the drop-down list.

Author: ```suggestion
. In the *Search Tags* field, type a name for the tag and click on the word when it appears in the drop-down list.
+
Tags that already exist will appear in the drop-down list.
```

+

> The tag appears on the right and all nodes listed are highlighted.

Reviewer: `all nodes listed are available for selection`? Highlighted feels a bit like it's already been selected for you.

> The tag appears on the right and all nodes listed are highlighted.

Author: ```suggestion
The tag appears on the right and all nodes listed are available to add tags to.
```

. Click the *Tags* label on the node.
. Click on the tag or tags you want to remove and click *Delete*.

== Remove nodes you do not want to monitor

Note that removing a node from monitoring removes it only until the next time a discovery runs that contains the same tags as the deleted node or if the node matches an existing monitoring policy.

> If you do not want the node to appear again, you need to tag it and use the tag in a monitoring policy that excludes nodes with that tag.

Author: ```suggestion
If you do not want the node to appear again the next time the discovery runs, you can update the discovery to skip over nodes that you do not want to monitor. 
After modifying the discovery, you can delete the node.
```

> //how do we prevent a deleted node from being discovered again the next time the discovery runs? Is the suggestion above correct?

Reviewer 2: Haven't tried this myself - would think the easiest approach would be adjusting Discovery to skip over nodes that shouldn't be monitored.  After this modification is complete, the user can proceed with node deletion.

Reviewer: Either option makes sense from a logical perspective, but I can't speak to how the BE actually operates. Makes sense to me that telling the discovery to skip it (by excluding it from the ip range). The monitoring policy I'm not sure would prevent it from showing up in the Inventory tab, because it might just be an 'unmonitored' node
